---
title:  "Introductions"
layout: post
date: 2023-07-28 00:24
author: Elias
---

Hello! Welcome to the blog. If you've made it here it was probably because I sent you, but I'll do an intro post anyway.

I've got a couple names, but most refer to me online with Elias. If you know my other names feel free to use them. I'm a PhD student studying computer science (systems security, specifically). I'm also a self taught digital artist and bass player.

<!--more-->

I'm starting this blog to mostly just have a place to talk about my main interests, notably metal music, computer science, art, and playing the bass. I could've just set up an account on any other blogging platform, but I like having my own thing spinned up out here where nobody will look unless I want them to. I also have this computer science bachelors degree, might as well use it outside the context of my PhD.

I think I want to talk about the meaning I get from music and how that affects my other interests. Of course the most obvious influence will be in my own music "career" (for lack of a better term), but music regularly influences my view of things so significantly that it creeps into my art. You also might see me talk about the odd book here and there, since they tend to be just as influential as music to me.

I really doubt this blog will truly go anywhere, since as of right now I kind of want to keep it as a public-facing journal that doesn't get looked at a lot. There's something deeply intimate about sharing why you love a particular piece of art beyond just a rating made by "objective" criteria, and since I plan to do that a lot here, I would prefer if the audience remained small.

If this really is being looked at by a pair of eyes that aren't mine, thanks for sticking around. Or going back to this post to look at what I had to say. Do what you want forever, we don't have any guaranteed time on Earth.